Added/Edited new chapter/assembly about foreman webhooks (#612)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-webhook-template.adoc

[id="creating-a-webhook-template_{context}"]
= Creating a Webhook Template

.Procedure

> . In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Administer* > *Webhooks Templates*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the ProjectWebUI, navigate to *Administer* > *Webhooks Templates*.
```
We have a proper attribute for this: :ProjectWebUI: {https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L84
Please apply throughout.
